imagine you make a micro goal and and
the goal might be well this month I'm
going to clean up my room and so the
first thing you do is organize your sock
drawer which is harder than it sounds
because maybe you got like 30 pairs of
socks in there that you've had for 10
years and some of them are ratty and a
lot of them aren't stylish and some of
them are uncomfortable and you have to
take them out of the drawer then you
have to try them all on then you have to
make the difficult decision about when a
pair of socks is a little too ratty to
keep and you have to contend with your
obsessive compulsive disorder while
you're doing that that might make you
want a hoore and it's not that easy but
if you see yourself doing it and you
make a little progress then what happens
is that your brain marks that progress
by producing dopamine and dopamine is
the fundamental chemical that mediates
the kind of positive emotion that makes
people feel alive and hopeful it's a
sign that you should do more of that
those things that you did successfully
are more likely to become part of you
and to manifest themselves in the future
and that's growth